there are two groups of people the
halves and the Have Nots the rich and
the poor everybody in between will find
themselves falling down and in this
video I'm going to explain why you came
here for the truth so let me unveil that
for you in today's video I want to
explain what's happening right now
before our very eyes if you can't see it
let me explain it to you in depth you
got to understand the rising costs are
not affecting just a small group of
people anymore it's everywhere and
everyone and this is going on simply
because of this financial system that we
have allowed to be put in front of our
lives and my goodness is it getting more
difficult each and every day I look into
this stuff because I understand how
important it is I'm obsessed with it and
I want to show you something first now
this has to deal with Canada but
understand that this is going on
everywhere Canada's standard of living
is falling behind the rest of the
developed world oh o e oecd predicts
country will rank last in Real GDP per
capita growth until 2060 now what's
interesting about Canada is that during
2020 they actually printed more money
they actually pumped more cash into
their system when you compare that to
the GDP more than the United States so
think about how much cash was pumped in
the US it's even more in Canada and what
has happened ever since people can't pay
their bills people aren't going to the
restaurants like they used to their
housing prices are absolutely
astronomical and things are getting
worse crime is getting worse poverty is
getting worse people are on the streets
drugs are everywhere and this is not a
good Trend in fact the country uh the
major cities anyway have become so much
worse in the last 3 to four years well
beyond anyone's expectations and I track
all these different countries and I tell
you right now I did not expect this for
Canada to be so rapid in its Pace that's
one country that's the way it goes when
you do things that quite frankly are not
benefiting the public the scenario is
much worse all right that is just the
way it goes how far though will it
decline will it become a third world
country suddenly well let me show you
something more than half of the US's
25,000 cities are predicted to become
ghost towns by 2100 so will your area be
affected well here we can see from 2002
to 2020 so you get this 20year time
frame they got that and use that data to
predict what 2100 will look like of
course nobody knows what's what's going
to happen that long of a time frame but
who knows how this will ultimately you
know be at the end of this time frame
but the things that I know are that our
currencies are likely to be devalued
more and more up until that time and
there's probably going to be some uh new
monetary systems one two even three by
then who knows in a sever scenario as
many as 64% of US Cities will lose
population city services will be
impacted in unpredictable ways as local
tax bases shrink so what they talk about
in here and you could check it out for
yourself it's
interesting people can't afford it
Rising costs so what do they do they
start moving out to different areas they
say okay this smaller town is going to
be more affordable and I could be a
super
commuter but there's just one problem
here you don't have the infrastructure
that you do on the inside of the city
inside of the city they have everything
they got the hospitals they got the
police they got the fire they've got
electricity they've got sewer they've
got access to shops and making things
like more competition making things more
uh cheap
potentially there's just a problem
though see they want everybody to be in
these Mega
metropolises did you watch the movie The
Hunger Games I think I might have
watched it pretty sure because I seem to
know some of it and what they did in
that Hunger Games movie it sort of
sounds like what's going on today not
exactly but I'll show you that in a
second I have that prepared for
you but what I see is that the
governments and those in control they
keep the infrastructure into these mega
cities and make it very difficult to
live out of the big cities and will be
much more so in the coming years so that
you have to stay here you can't go out
there let's bring you into this solution
of you know dormatory style living
quarters and living in tiny little
boxes and generally unable to have an
average life at an average
salary stick with
me this is an article talking about how
The Hunger Games dystopia happened in
real life and all I wanted to do was put
this in front of you here just to make
you think for one
second in this Hunger Games what was
important to me as part of it was that
yes there was clearly a class divide
rich and the
poor but there was also a restriction of
resources and so if you lived in the big
Mega city which many people didn't it
was like the elites if you lived in
those big mega cities well then you had
the infrastructure if you lived
elsewhere well then you didn't have
anything you didn't have access to
stuff and so this is the the way that I
see things going
you know the conditions worsen in the in
the big cities but that's where the jobs
are that's where the work is that's
where the energy is and what we can have
and what we can see here is that we are
going ever towards that it seems like we
are going far into that where they're
going to make it more and more unlivable
hey maybe you're off grid maybe you
don't care about that but how much of
the population really is how much of the
population not only can tie you know go
in and and grow their own food and and
be self-sufficient most can barely even
tie their shoes today I mean they're
watching shorts content you know that
it's over once you're in the shorts
content if you if you can't stand Le
more more than 60 seconds watching
something I mean there there's no way
that you'll be able to handle what's
coming us leads uh the ransomware
infrastructure take down the only reason
I mentioning this is that our grid our
energy and I'll show you one more in a
second our whole infrastructure is
reliant on of course connectivity to
electricity connectivity to the internet
and it's disrupted for one reason you
could have um an attack coming from
outside it could be from the inside even
it could be some sort of event that
we're not sure of it could be a test
either way whatever it is our
infrastructure is fragile and vulnerable
would you agree
do you agree with that statement let me
know recession signal private sector job
growth is being replaced by government
sector job growth so we have our
infrastructure coming down we got the
Hunger Games type scenario and where are
the jobs right now the jobs are coming
from
government private
companies are laying people off and yet
we have the government hiring
people the government here is basically
saying okay we'll do temp work we'll do
this whatever the
cases but the private companies are
basically saying look we we can't do
this we can't afford this this is not
the right time we see recession higher
costs interest rates all that stuff and
so it seems to be making a change now
they're considering this to be a
recession signal and so on that's
besides the point what I look for here
is a big change where the government
with all that tax base is going to be
able to throw that cash but we go even
further we go much further I'll show you
you could see people are hungry today
Food Bank usage and uh food insecurity
continues to get worse you could see it
in all the data look at it in Canada
look at it in the US look at it
everywhere more and more people are
suffering they've got to move back in
with their parents parents have to move
in with their kids you can't even afford
you know the basics things are becoming
too expensive right All Because by the
way let's let's make it clear why is
that happening it's because of a
devaluation of the currency if you live
in one place it might be extreme if you
live in another place it might be you
know reasonable it depends on where you
live cost of living of course is
different
everywhere some places though it's it's
moderate you know and say hey yeah you
know we we got a little bit bad this
time around okay some places it's quite
extreme Canada happens to be one of
those where it has gone um a little
Haywire America's electrical grid is
weakening you could see that as well
just showing you the vulnerability there
Canada is considering a guaranteed
Universal basic income program all right
we're talking about
Ubi and of course I don't have it here
uh but this connects in with the cbdc
Central Bank digital currency so this is
the guaranteed Universal basic income
I'm sure you've heard of it before in
Canada they've talked about this the
Senate meets and they say okay we're
going to uh start talking about a Ubi
why because stuff is so expensive
because we printed a whole bunch of
money so what do we do okay we print a
whole bunch of money and then we give it
to people anyway um what we can see here
is
that this is what they'll do they are
going
to basically erode what we have as
individuals and say you want to go live
off in the middle of nowhere go ahead
but you're not connected in to the city
center to the jobs to the economy go go
live in the middle of the woods fine but
if you want to be part of this Society
where the jobs are where all this stuff
is well then you're going to have to
deal with what we say and that's going
to be that ubii and I believe that they
could easily tie this to the central
bank digital currency
cbdc and then they could say look we
have this thing is real easy you live
all the way out there you live over here
doesn't matter you're going to take your
phone you're going to sign up to it and
you're going to be the one to you know
tap here and there and it's all good
there's no more cash available because
the stores don't accept it because the
crime is too high these things are
coming all falling into place and that's
the way I see it happening they reduce
the infrastructure the infrastructure is
crumbling and where do they spend their
money where do they spend it look at
what your governments are spending their
money on hundreds of billions of dollars
where are they spending that money on
your roads and bridges and you know
making things safer for you right that's
what they're spending there oh no
actually it's not it's being spent on
things that in my opinion are wasteful
are nonsense and are
immoral so this is what we have you will
be accepting it and why do I say you
will be accepting it is because the cost
of living is going to get so high it's
going to be strangling you and you say I
don't want that cbdc I don't want
anything to do with it I'm not going to
take it and then you start drowning and
you start
drowning and you say what do I I have to
do and you accept it and that's when
theyve got
you that's what's happening here today
do not wait for this magical deflation
to come in and save the day don't wait
for somebody out there to say buy my
course and I'm going to tell you just
what to do I'll be the one to save you
these are Fantastical dreams these are
unicorns and rainbows and kittens but
understand the reality of the
circumstance is much different than
that
okay if you want to know what's going on
in depth I've got a free financial
education program it's called Compass I
wanted everybody to have the basics down
packed to understand everything at this
basic level so that they can build up on
top of that the moneyy gps.com you go in
you don't need to pay anything not
$999.99 not $50 not $10 not $5 not $1
not even your email address the money
gps.com you go through compass and you
learn the basics I hope that each and
every person will do that and that I
made sure that it doesn't even link to
my YouTube channel to my books nothing
actually my books might be the link at
the bottom but when you just go through
the course you won't even see that I
don't talk about that I don't do any of
that you got to go through that I'm
pretty sure you got to go through that
because it's my way of helping the
public get educated where they need to
be okay please do so tell your friends
tell your neighbors tell your Barber I
hope that you will do that and um as
always don't forget to give thumbs up
when you do you're supporting the
channel and I'll see you tomorrow take
care